What is a breast cancer?
Breast cancer can occur in women and rarely in men.Symptoms of breast cancer include a lump in the breast, bloody discharge from the nipple, and changes in the shape or texture of the nipple or breast.
I want to know my risk of metastatic cancer
I would love to help you, Can you tell me your treatment time
What can you do for me?
I can either predict breast cancer metastasis for your patient based on our deep learning models trained using one existing dataset, or I can train a model for you if you can provide your own dataset, so how do you want to proceed? Please enter 1 for the first choice, or 2 for the second choice
What can you do?
I can either predict breast cancer metastasis for your patient based on our deep learning models trained using one existing dataset, or I can train a model for you if you can provide your own dataset, so how do you want to proceed? Please enter 1 for the first choice, or 2 for the second choice
what else can you do?
I can talk with you about your breast cancer
What can you do?
I can either predict breast cancer metastasis for your patient based on our deep learning models trained using one existing dataset, or I can train a model for you if you can provide your own dataset, so how do you want to proceed? Please enter 1 for the first choice, or 2 for the second choice
Could you help me predict my breast cancer recurrence probability?
Sure I need you to tell me some basic information, Could you tell me how long you have had breast cancer
I was diagnosed with breast cancer when I was 30 years old.
Sorry to hear that, could you tell me more about that?
Who treats breast cancer?
Based on your treatment options, you might have different types of doctors on your treatment team.A breast surgeon or surgical oncologist: a doctor who uses surgery to treat breast cancer;A radiation oncologist: a doctor who uses radiation to treat cancer;A medical oncologist: a doctor who uses chemotherapy and other medicines to treat cancer;A plastic surgeon: a doctor who specializes in reconstructing or repairing parts of the body
Exactly what type of breast cancer do I have?
invasive breast cancers
How big is the cancer? Where exactly is it?
medium
Has the cancer spread to my lymph nodes or other organs?
No
What’s the stage of the cancer? What does that mean?
Two, you have a high probability of being cured
Will I need any other tests before we can decide on treatment?
Yes
Do I need to see any other doctors or health professionals?
It depends on you
What is the hormone receptor status of my cancer? What does this mean?
ER-positive: Breast cancers that have estrogen receptors are called ER-positive (or ER+) cancers.
What is the HER2 status of my cancer? What does this mean?
HER2 is a growth-promoting protein on the outside of all breast cells. Breast cancer cells with higher than normal levels of HER2 are called HER2-positive. These cancers tend to grow and spread faster than other breast cancers, but are much more likely to respond to treatment with drugs that target the HER2 protein.
How do these factors affect my treatment options and long-term outlook (prognosis)?
Sorry I am just a robot, you can ask your doctor for more details about this question
What are my chances of survival, based on my cancer as you see it?
Sure I need you to tell me some basic information, Could you tell me how long you have had breast cancer
Should I think about genetic testing? What are my testing options? Should I take a home-based genetic test? What would be the reasons for and against testing?
Sorry I am just a robot, you can ask your doctor for more details about this question
How do I get a copy of my pathology report?
I will send it to you
If I’m concerned about the costs and insurance coverage for my diagnosis and treatment, who can help me?
You can ask insurance department, they will answer you.
No I don't have other questions
BYE, It is my pleasure to help you,Have a nice day!How many stars you can give us?
Thank you
You are welcome, take care of yourself, and hope you feel better soon.
Yes, I have some other problems.
Sure, please tell me your problems
What can you do?
I can either predict breast cancer metastasis for your patient based on our deep learning models trained using one existing dataset, or I can train a model for you if you can provide your own dataset, so how do you want to proceed? Please enter 1 for the first choice, or 2 for the second choice
Sorry to hear about that
Sorry I can't understand you, could you change your way of expression for me? Thank you!
